welcome to our review of Silverspoon
episode 6 I really liked this episode
and I feel worn out after watching and I
feel kind of bad I don't really know how
to describe how it felt watching this
episode it just it was great but man it
just fit it feels so real comme ABBA's
story how he's working so hard he's
working all day that after he works he
practices baseball he still has the
energy to do that so he can play on the
national level so he can make money to
help his mom out so she doesn't have to
work as hard and just expand their
business when he takes it over and how
he's pushing so hard and there's like
not one moment of rest for him he
doesn't take a fucking break and
everything he does is just advancing
towards that goal and that is just
awesome and they just wait man I feel it
really watching this really puts you it
makes me feel like I'm hot again pretty
much like experiencing everything which
with hot chicken and seeing everything
from his perspective and following him I
feel like I am him when I'm watching
this and then I see all this stuff going
around him and it's you really
appreciate him more appreciate what it
goes like what goes into I mean farming
in general but also these people's lives
that feels like they're real human
beings and you're learning their stories
and you're seeing the everything that's
going into this it's just it's just kind
of hard to explain but it's just very
interesting feeling but it's very good
seeing this episode it was mom
yeah man just really gets me thinking
yeah
as far as actually progressing the plot
the character was hot chicken Khurana
Texas family was pretty interesting
because we know he's had problems with
family problems at home but he's really
trying to descend in this text and I'm
wondering I don't know I'm wondering
what he expects to get back from that or
because I don't know I don't know what
I'm really expecting from that why was
he you know he just like wants people at
home to care about him or or once wants
them to just wants them to know I don't
know you know this episode just made me
like think about a lot of stuff and I
can't really put into words I'm just
thinking
well yeah it was cool seeing him finally
cut um cut the deer up and he sort of
moved past that and he's beginning to
understand more and appreciate more than
farming and the animals and everything
and I also like the sense of community
once again how they're just so these
people are so kind to each other and
they're so quick to Hey
come have dinner with us hey I have half
the deer we just hit back with our car
it just feels so nice it's just it's
like fun and loving community of people
and it's great so yeah this was a great
episode we had some comedy left the
ending when they hit the bear in the
beginning of the episode when when we
cut cast if he wants to go to her house
that was those pretty cool like yes but
then he's had to work but yeah damn
overall this was a very good episode I
can't really explain everything that's
going through my head right now but it's
definitely a thought-provoking episode
definitely and yeah just very well done
Wow
so thanks for watching and peace out